README.md, before:

<div align="center"><img src="/logo.png" width="200" title="Happy Coder" alt="Happy Coder"/></div>

<h1 align="center">
  Mobile and Web Client for Claude Code
</h1>

<h4 align="center">
Use Claude Code from anywhere with end-to-end encryption.
</h4>

<div align="center">
  
[📱 **iOS App**](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/happy-claude-code-client/id6748571505) • [🤖 **Android App**](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ex3ndr.happy) • [🌐 **Web App**](https://app.happy.engineering) • [🎥 **See a Demo**](https://youtu.be/GCS0OG9QMSE) • [⭐ **Star on GitHub**](https://github.com/slopus/happy)

</div>

<img width="5178" height="2364" alt="github" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/14d517e9-71a8-4fcb-98ae-9ebf9f7c149f" />


<h3 align="center">
Step 1: Download App
</h3>

<div align="center">
<a href="https://apps.apple.com/us/app/happy-claude-code-client/id6748571505"><img width="135" height="39" alt="appstore" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/45e31a11-cf6b-40a2-a083-6dc8d1f01291" /></a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ex3ndr.happy"><img width="135" height="39" alt="googleplay" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/acbba639-858f-4c74-85c7-92a4096efbf5" /></a>
</div>

<h3 align="center">
Step 2: Install CLI on your computer
</h3>

```bash
npm install -g happy-coder
```

<h3 align="center">
Step 3: Start using `happy` instead of `claude`
</h3>

```bash

# Instead of claude, just run happy

happy

```

## How does it work?

On your computer, run `happy` instead of `claude` to start the normal Claude Code UI through our wrapper. When you want to control Claude from your phone, it restarts the session in remote mode. To switch back to your computer, just press any key on your keyboard.

## 🔥 Why Happy Coder?

- 📱 **Mobile access to Claude Code** - Check what Claude is building while away from your desk
- 🔔 **Push notifications** - Get alerted when Claude needs permission or encounters errors  
- ⚡ **Switch devices instantly** - Take control from phone or desktop with one keypress
- 🔐 **End-to-end encrypted** - Your code never leaves your devices unencrypted
- 🛠️ **Open source** - Audit the code yourself. No telemetry, no tracking

## 📦 Project Components

- **[happy-cli](https://github.com/slopus/happy-cli)** - Command-line interface for Claude Code
- **[happy-server](https://github.com/slopus/happy-server)** - Backend server for encrypted sync
- **happy-coder** - This mobile client (you are here)

## 🏠 Who We Are

We're engineers scattered across Bay Area coffee shops and hacker houses, constantly checking how Claude is progressing on our pet projects during lunch breaks. Happy Coder was born from the frustration of not being able to peek at Claude building our side hustles while we're away from our keyboards. We believe the best tools come from scratching your own itch and sharing with the community.

## License

MIT License - see [LICENSE](LICENSE) for details.

Commit message:

feat: update README to explain Codex feature

README.md, after:

<div align="center"><img src="/logo.png" width="200" title="Happy Coder" alt="Happy Coder"/></div>

<h1 align="center">
  Mobile and Web Client for Claude Code & Codex
</h1>

<h4 align="center">
Use Claude Code or Codex from anywhere with end-to-end encryption.
</h4>

<div align="center">
  
[📱 **iOS App**](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/happy-claude-code-client/id6748571505) • [🤖 **Android App**](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ex3ndr.happy) • [🌐 **Web App**](https://app.happy.engineering) • [🎥 **See a Demo**](https://youtu.be/GCS0OG9QMSE) • [⭐ **Star on GitHub**](https://github.com/slopus/happy)

</div>

<img width="5178" height="2364" alt="github" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/14d517e9-71a8-4fcb-98ae-9ebf9f7c149f" />


<h3 align="center">
Step 1: Download App
</h3>

<div align="center">
<a href="https://apps.apple.com/us/app/happy-claude-code-client/id6748571505"><img width="135" height="39" alt="appstore" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/45e31a11-cf6b-40a2-a083-6dc8d1f01291" /></a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ex3ndr.happy"><img width="135" height="39" alt="googleplay" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/acbba639-858f-4c74-85c7-92a4096efbf5" /></a>
</div>

<h3 align="center">
Step 2: Install CLI on your computer
</h3>

```bash
npm install -g happy-coder
```

<h3 align="center">
Step 3: Start using `happy` instead of `claude` or `codex`
</h3>

```bash

# Instead of: claude
# Use: happy

happy

# Instead of: codex
# Use: happy codex

happy codex

```

## How does it work?

On your computer, run `happy` instead of `claude` or `happy codex` instead of `codex` to start your AI through our wrapper. When you want to control your coding agent from your phone, it restarts the session in remote mode. To switch back to your computer, just press any key on your keyboard.

## 🔥 Why Happy Coder?

- 📱 **Mobile access to Claude Code and Codex** - Check what your AI is building while away from your desk
- 🔔 **Push notifications** - Get alerted when Claude Code and Codex needs permission or encounters errors  
- ⚡ **Switch devices instantly** - Take control from phone or desktop with one keypress
- 🔐 **End-to-end encrypted** - Your code never leaves your devices unencrypted
- 🛠️ **Open source** - Audit the code yourself. No telemetry, no tracking

## 📦 Project Components

- **[happy-cli](https://github.com/slopus/happy-cli)** - Command-line interface for Claude Code and Codex
- **[happy-server](https://github.com/slopus/happy-server)** - Backend server for encrypted sync
- **happy-coder** - This mobile client (you are here)

## 🏠 Who We Are

We're engineers scattered across Bay Area coffee shops and hacker houses, constantly checking how our AI coding agents are progressing on our pet projects during lunch breaks. Happy Coder was born from the frustration of not being able to peek at our AI coding tools building our side hustles while we're away from our keyboards. We believe the best tools come from scratching your own itch and sharing with the community.

## License

MIT License - see [LICENSE](LICENSE) for details.
